Remove some unused sample files (#4327)
dart-lang/site-www: src/f/_README.md

Please make sure that any content is copyright free
(such as Jabberwocky by Lewis Carroll).

> The dart.dev site is set up with CORS headers so that apps,
> such as DartPad, can read these files.
> Sample apps can only read these files--they can't
> write to, or modify, the files in any way.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Remove passive voice, explain abbreviations, etc.
```suggestion
This documentation site uses
[Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) headers.
CORS grants apps like DartPad to read-only access to these sample files.
```
